Stabilize #[optimize] attribute (#2278)
rust-lang/reference: src/attributes/codegen.md

> [!NOTE]
> `rustc` lints against any use following the first.

<!-- template:attributes -->
r[attributes.codegen.optimize]
## The `optimize` attribute

r[attributes.codegen.optimize.intro]

> The *`optimize` [attribute]* suggests whether a function, inherent method, trait method, or closure should be optimized for size or speed.

Reviewer: I'd like to find wording here that avoids attempting to duplicate what's specified in `attributes.codegen.optimize.allowed-positions`. I think in the intro we can be a little looser on the specifics, and that's what we seem to do in the other attributes. 

Additionally, I think it could mention the third mode.

So this could be something like:

```suggestion
The *`optimize` [attribute]* suggests whether a function should be optimized for size, speed, or with optimizations disabled.
```

> [!EXAMPLE]
> ```rust
> #[optimize(size)]
> pub fn example1() {}
>

> > #[optimize(none)]

Reviewer 2: I would suggest putting `none` last, since it is probably going to be the least used (just a guess), and to match the order in the introduction

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/reference/2278/01b0ee707f4571e803c8b2c471d8335a448f5d60..e449c642c00918e383c0a71367d6afe401a069e7)*

> pub fn example2() {}
>
> #[optimize(speed)]
> pub fn example3() {}
> ```

r[attributes.codegen.optimize.syntax]
The syntax for the `optimize` attribute is:

```grammar,attributes
@root OptimizeAttribute ->
      `optimize` `(` `size` `)`
    | `optimize` `(` `speed` `)`
    | `optimize` `(` `none` `)`
```

r[attributes.codegen.optimize.allowed-positions]

> The `optimize` attribute may only be applied to [closures], [async blocks], [free functions], [associated functions] in an [inherent impl] or [trait impl], and associated functions in a [trait definition].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `optimize` attribute may only be applied to [closures], [async blocks], [free functions], [associated functions] in an [inherent impl] or [trait impl], and associated functions in a [trait definition] with a default body.
```

AIUI, this is not allowed:

```rust
trait T {
    #[optimize(speed)]
    fn f();
}
```
